Add a contributing doc (#103)
medic/medic-docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

At Medic Mobile we welcome and appreciate community contributions.

## Ways to contribute

### Communication

If you have an idea or a question we'd love to hear from you! The easiest way to get in touch is by raising issues in the [medic-docs Github repo](https://github.com/medic/medic-docs/issues). You can also reach out on our community Slack channel. You can request access via [this _Community Health Toolkit_ page](https://communityhealthtoolkit.org/slack).

### Submitting changes

1. Before starting on changes we recommend you raise an issue or message us on [Slack](https://communityhealthtoolkit.org/slack).

> 2. When submiting a PR with a full description of the issue you're solving and if possible including a link to the GitHub issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When submitting a PR include a full description of the issue you're solving and if possible include a link to the GitHub issue.
```
